com/fastastapp/model/TestNameId.java
 com.fastastapp.model.TestNameId
com/fastastapp/model/User.java
 com.fastastapp.model.User
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivityAddNewTestBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivityAddNewTestBinding
com/fastastapp/fragment/TestFragment.java
 com.fastastapp.fragment.TestFragment
 com.fastastapp.fragment.TestFragment$1
com/fastastapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.fastastapp.BuildConfig
com/fastastapp/fragment/AccountFragment.java
 com.fastastapp.fragment.AccountFragment
 com.fastastapp.fragment.AccountFragment$1
com/fastastapp/model/VariantQuestion.java
 com.fastastapp.model.VariantQuestion
com/fastastapp/model/Variant.java
 com.fastastapp.model.Variant
com/fastastapp/databinding/TestFrameBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.TestFrameBinding
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivityHomePageBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivityHomePageBinding
com/fastastapp/retrofit/ServiceGenerator.java
 com.fastastapp.retrofit.ServiceGenerator
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivityResultBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivityResultBinding
com/fastastapp/PhotoAnalayzer/Scanner.java
 com.fastastapp.PhotoAnalayzer.Scanner
com/fastastapp/LogInActivity.java
 com.fastastapp.LogInActivity
 com.fastastapp.LogInActivity$1
com/fastastapp/retrofit/UserApi.java
 com.fastastapp.retrofit.UserApi
com/fastastapp/databinding/VariantCardBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.VariantCardBinding
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivityCameraBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivityCameraBinding
com/fastastapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.fastastapp.SplashActivity
com/fastastapp/retrofit/AuthenticationInterceptor.java
 com.fastastapp.retrofit.AuthenticationInterceptor
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/fastastapp/databinding/FragmentAccountBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.FragmentAccountBinding
com/fastastapp/AddNewTest.java
 com.fastastapp.AddNewTest
 com.fastastapp.AddNewTest$1
com/fastastapp/model/Answer.java
 com.fastastapp.model.Answer
com/fastastapp/adapters/TestAdapter.java
 com.fastastapp.adapters.TestAdapter
 com.fastastapp.adapters.TestAdapter$TestViewHolder
com/fastastapp/HomePageActivity.java
 com.fastastapp.HomePageActivity
com/fastastapp/model/Question.java
 com.fastastapp.model.Question
com/fastastapp/model/Chars.java
 com.fastastapp.model.Chars
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivityTestDataBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivityTestDataBinding
com/fastastapp/databinding/FragmentTestBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.FragmentTestBinding
com/fastastapp/VariantsActivity.java
 com.fastastapp.VariantsActivity
 com.fastastapp.VariantsActivity$1
 com.fastastapp.VariantsActivity$2
 com.fastastapp.VariantsActivity$3
 com.fastastapp.VariantsActivity$4
com/fastastapp/adapters/VariantAdapter.java
 com.fastastapp.adapters.VariantAdapter
 com.fastastapp.adapters.VariantAdapter$VariantViewHolder
com/fastastapp/SignUpActivity.java
 com.fastastapp.SignUpActivity
 com.fastastapp.SignUpActivity$1
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivitySingUpBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivitySingUpBinding
com/fastastapp/PhotoAnalayzer/Util.java
 com.fastastapp.PhotoAnalayzer.Util
com/fastastapp/model/Test.java
 com.fastastapp.model.Test
com/fastastapp/model/UserRole.java
 com.fastastapp.model.UserRole
com/fastastapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.fastastapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/fastastapp/Result.java
 com.fastastapp.Result
 com.fastastapp.Result$1
 com.fastastapp.Result$2
com/fastastapp/CameraActivity.java
 com.fastastapp.CameraActivity
 com.fastastapp.CameraActivity$1
